From: Kassow, Benjamin <benjamin.kassow@business.und.edu>
Date: Tue, Jan 9, 2018 at 12:59 PM
Subject: Comments on Paper
To: "bdesmarais@psu.edu" <bdesmarais@psu.edu>


Bruce,

Hope that you had a safe and uneventful trip back from New Orleans. 
I am writing this email to provide additional feedback on the paper that you presented and that you and your coauthors wrote. 


In short, I think this paper is quite close to being ready to send out for peer review. 
I do have a few suggestions in terms of clarification that would help improve the paper in my view. 
First, I think the discussion in the introduction of the paper focusing on a "case-based" versus network based analysis is a bit short. 
I was left slightly confused by what a "case-based" analysis of citation actually is or what it means. 
I can see several different conceptions of this, some being more problematic than others in a methodological sense, 
although none of them are ideal for analyzing networks and all likely suffer some amount of OV bias.



I really like the discussion of each of the aspects of networks that you are examining in the paper. 
The quotes included are set up nicely, in my view, and I think this paper does a fantastic job of explaining the four aspects of 
networks that you are examining in the manuscript. Having said that, I'm left wondering a bit as to how important and common reciprocity 
is. I was thinking of possibilities of having two contemporaneous Court opinions (x and y), with perhaps x citing y, 
but not having y citing x. What would this fall under in your network framework? It is clearly not reciprocal, 
but what would this be? And how often would this scenario occur? 
I think the motif discussion is useful in section 3, but was wondering whether motifs can be tested theoretically or 
what it would look like. If the answer is no, I am wondering what this adds to the rest of the paper.



In section 5, I think the discussion is mostly good, but could be organized a bit differently. 
I think the discussion of the random intercepts is a bit confusing early on (it is explained more effectively later). 
I have also found that cubic age matters in some models of Supreme Court citations that I have run, 
so this is something you might want to examine as well depending on how far back in time you ultimately go (currently 
runs from the Hughes Court forward). 
On page 14, I really like the figure that is there; it helps significantly for understanding the networked relationships.



In section 6.2 (predictive performance), I like what is here, but was hoping to see a bit more discussion about the predictive 
performance of the model, with some explanation of what the predictive performance means. 
I understand it (I think), but depending on where this gets sent to, I am not sure if all reviewers will. 
I also think tying this into the overall model explanation or discussion of model performance overall will be helpful for better 
integrating this section into the rest of the manuscript.



On the whole, I really like this paper though and I think it is quite close to being ready to be sent out. 
I think the paper makes a fine contribution, both in terms of theory and in showing a new method of network analysis (c-TERGM), 
which is pretty neat. Nice work on this!


Best,

Ben
